Browser extension provider communication (#348)
ChainAgnostic/CAIPs: caip-browser_extension_provider_communication.md

## Rationale
<!--The rationale fleshes out the specification by describing what motivated the design and why particular design decisions were made. It should describe alternate designs that were considered and related work, e.g. how the feature is supported in other languages. The rationale may also provide evidence of consensus within the community, and should discuss important objections or concerns raised during discussion.-->
While web extensions could realize the benefits of `externally_connectable` without using it with a standardized interface, this would mean that every web extension would have to ship a provider library that worked specifically for their interface and that Dapps would need to import them. It wouldn't be feasible for Dapps to import every single web extension's specific provider implementation, making this approach less viable.

Web extension inter-operability is the key to enabling generalized provider implementations. Generalized provider implementations allows for convenient adoption by Dapps, leading to more wide spread adoption of the standard as a result.

> 

Reviewer: reminder: maybe mention other uses of the transport being possible?

## Test Cases
<!--Please add test cases here if applicable.-->

## Security Considerations
<!--Please add an explicit list of intra-actor assumptions and known risk factors if applicable. Any normative definition of an interface requires these to be implementable; assumptions and risks should be at both individual interaction/use-case scale and systemically, should the interface specified gain ecosystem-namespace adoption. -->

> `externally_connectable` has seen a decade of usage via extensions on Chrome. It has a strictly better security when compared to postMessage over contentscript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`externally_connectable` has seen a decade of usage via extensions on Chrome. It has strictly better security properties when compared to `postMessage` over content scripts.
```
